Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
I'm here. Sorry. Mr. Taylor.
You were up 20 minutes ago.
Why are you still here?
Just get out there.
-Okay.
-Hold on. hold on. Come back.
This is a pub.
Pubs love holidays.
Uh. no. December just started.
Christmas starts the day
after Thanksgiving.
Just blame the Internet.
So. it's either these lights...
or Janice's sweater.
You choose.
Fine.
Hey.
-Lila.
-Stop.
They're so colorful.
They're cute. Stop. Here.
There you go.
You ready to do the thing?
-I was born ready.
-Okay. let's go.
-Thank you. Lila.
-Got you. Mr. Taylor.
-Hurry up. Before he comes.
-Excuse me. Excuse me.
Excuse me.
Yeah. Excuse me.
Phone. Phone. Phone.
Hey. everyone.
Name's Gail Travers.
I'm 25. um...
I'm from. well. everywhere.
and this is "For the Crowd"
by Everly.
And thank you so much
for this opportunity.
Requests only.
All right. Okay. All right.
Um. anyone have
any requests for me?
Requests?
-Anyone?
-Hey.
How about. uh. Pat Benatar?
Oh! You got good taste.
I think I got
something for you.
Well. it was
worth a try. right?
Uh... five artists picked
to be opening acts
on iHeart Radio's
Christmas Eve Special...
plus a spot on a tour
and a three-year contract?
Yes. It's worth it.
And it would've looked
profesh on that stage.
but it will be just
as good from anywhere.
Because it's you.
You're the best.
I hope you're right.
I'm always right.
Will you please take these
off me? Take 'em off.
Okay.
Yes. They look
way better on you.
'Tis the season.
-Oh. here. Don't forget this.
-Oh. God.
-Thank you. All right.
I'll see you later.
-Bye.
Tell me I'm good.
You're good.
-Okay. We're rolling.
My name is Gail Travers.
I'm from Miami. Florida.
Or at least that's what
they tell me.
And this is "For the Crowd"
by one of my favorite
indie artists Everly.
Got it.
-Yeah.
-Thanks.
You are the real deal.
Gail Travers.
You should write
your own stuff.
-Hmm.
-I bet it'd be wicked good.
I don't know.
I don't think I can
write songs like that.
I've tried. I've tried...
but they just
never felt inspired.
Inspiration finds you.
you know?
You just have to let it happen.
Wait. what are you doing?
-I'm editing it.
-You're taking out your ritual?
It's you.
Show them you.
Done.
They're gonna love you.
Lila. it's iHeart Radio.
Five spots out of. what.
hundreds of thousands?
-Come on.
-Hey. If it doesn't happen...
someone somewhere will give you
the chance you deserve.
And plus. right place.
right time...
it's bound to happen with you
running all over the place
in this tin can of yours.
Hey! Cool it with the tin can.
Jewel is a sensitive princess.
Be nice.
Or what if you stay in Tampa
for a little while
and take a break from van life?
I could. but. you know...
The open road.
it calls my name.
-You're crazy.
I gotta go.
Wait. What about your lights?
-Just put 'em in the back.
-Okay.
-Love you.
-Bye.
One-year vanlife-iversary.
One year. one van.
I did it.
#wheretonext
Okay! Oh. my God!
Okay. okay. okay.
I made it! I got a spot!
No. No!
Oh. my God. You made it!
I know!
Congratulations.
Thanks. Thanks.
God. Oh. my God.
Okay. uh...
You better text me every single
stop you make on the way. okay?
You can say it.
I told you so!
I'll talk to you later.
Bye.
Whoo!
That's right.
I'm back on the road.
It's just me...
my guitar and America.
I'll be hitting up
open mic nights
from Florida all the way to LA.
"Why?" you may ask.
Well. it's just one long
rehearsal for...
drumroll...
opening iHeart Radio's
Christmas Eve Special...
with some of the top
artists in the country.
Let's be real for a sec.
I was homeless before
I bought my bus. Jewel. here.
I had no idea where my voice
was going to take me...
and now I'm making by debut
on national TV...
thanks to you guys.
I gotta earn some gas money.
friends...
so. help your girl out.
First stop. tonight.
at Catch and Go Brews
in Mobile. Alabama.
Thanks for a great turnout.
What a hello
from the wonderful city
of Shreveport. Go Tigers!
Just booked one night at
Little Rabbit Tavern
in Oklahoma City.
Come find out if I can
sing and ride a bull
at the same time.
You're all really making me
feel special.
Thanks for all the love
and the great turnout tonight.
Wow!
So many new friends
joining us today.
Must find coffee.
My machine's busted.
#vanlife.
I'm still in Oklahoma...
if anyone
has any food stop recs
along the way to Santa Fe.
Trying to line up the next gig.
Check in later for deets.
Good morning. Who's this?
It's Walker with iHeart.
Ah. it's nice
to meet you. Walker.
I'm... I'm so excited
for this opportunity.
-Are you preparing a song?
-Yes. yes. Song. um...
I love oldies...
anything soulful.
I can spin acoustics.
Well. we'll need you
to perform an original.
An original?
You want a new song?
An original new song?
I haven't written anything.
I mean. that's kind
of a fast turnaround.
-If you'd like to pull out...
-No. no. no.
I would not like to pull out.
No. Uh. I'll have one.
-Excellent.
-Yes.
An original song.
In two weeks.
-Think festive.
-Copy that. You got it.
-I'll be there.
-Great. See you in two weeks.
Bye.
Okay. okay.
okay. Relax.
Oh. my. Oh. my God.
Oh. my God.
No. Oh. my God.
Oh. my. no. no. no.
Oh. God. Oh. my God.
Hey. hey. hey.
Are you okay? Are you okay?
-Are you hurt?
Are you hurt now?
-I'm fine.
I just killed a llama.
It's an alpaca.
Did I kill him? It? Her?
-Okay. calm down.
-They? Do llamas have pronouns?
Calm down. Here.
take some food.
Take some food.
No. no. no. I couldn't
possibly eat right now.
It's for Eddie.
This little guy.
he perks right up for a snack.
-Don't we all?
All right. here.
I'll go check on him.
Oh. my God. Are you going
to drag him off the road
by its neck?
He's alive.
And he's up.
-Come on. Eddie.
-Hi. Eddie.
You silly little rascal.
I didn't get your name.
Gail.
Well. Gail. meet Eddie.
Well. you see.
you completely missed him
but this little guy just loved
playin' dead. Don't you?
Especially. when it's time
to saddle him up...
for the Christmas card photos
with the town folk.
Give him a hat
and he's good to go.
This gal here. though...
she is not good to go.
Where are you headed?
Santa Fe and then LA.
I don't think
I can get you that far.
but why don't I tow you
into my shop in town.
You're a lifesaver.
Oh. it's the least I could do.
Now. do me a favor
and you be nice to Gail now.
Eddie. okay? No spitting.
-Uh. I didn't catch your name.
-Oh. It's Savannah.
But people around here.
they just call me Van.
Oh.
A woman named "Van"
is gonna fix my van.
Where the hell am I?
Welcome to Harmony Springs.
Oklahoma.
You think
I can hitch a ride
to the nearest Verizon store?
No Verizon
on the horizon here. darlin'.
Your best bet's gonna be
a gas station
that sells walkie-talkies
and that would be about
50 miles that way.
Can I borrow your phone?
Absolutely.
Here you go.
Buttons all work.
just call who you like.
I was gonna update my story.
-Your what?
-My story.
We all got a story. darlin'.
-Hey. you play the guitar?
-Yeah.
No.
No. no. no.
No. It's broken.
-Oh. I am so sorry.
What am I gonna do?
This is bad. This is so bad.
-Oh!
-It ain't that bad.
but it ain't good either.
This is Jeremy.
Best mechanic in Oklahoma.
also happens to be my son.
Now.
I like her so I want you
to be optimistic. okay?
How is she lookin'?
If we cut deals
for everyone you like. Mom.
we'd run out of business.
I mean. I can fix it...
but a vintage ride like this.
it's gonna take a minute
to get the parts.
How long of a minute?
Um. two weeks.
-Two weeks? No. No.
-That's what I said.
And that's if
they get here on time.
Well. I mean. that puts us
just before Christmas.
so I can think of
no better gift
than to have this beauty
running like new.
I have to report
to LA by the 24th.
-LA?
-Yeah.
On Christmas Eve?
What's so important in LA?
iHeart Radio.
Fancy.
If you whip him again.
will he get more optimistic?
He's gonna try his hardest.
Aren't you. Jer?
How much is this gonna cost?
Well. with the bumper.
the axle.
obviously the body work.
you're looking at about...
2.600 bucks. give or take.
-26...
-Yeah.
Oh. excuse me.
-I got... Ooh. sorry.
-My tools.
-Um...
I got $540.
So. is that your checking
or your savings?
It's my everything.
Credit card?
Yeah. as long as you have
a pair of scissors handy...
for when the bank
tells you to cut it up.
It's a start to cover
the parts.
Didn't you hear me?
This is all I have.
Okay. Well. hey. do you sing
with that guitar of yours?
Yeah. I used to.
Take her to Gus's.
All right. we just added a show
to your schedule.
And if you're lucky...
it may just add a little bit
of cash to that bevy there.
I have a lot of work
I gotta do.
Well. the shop is closing
early today.
Don't be rude.
Go wash up. all right?
And show our new guest
here some hospitality.
All right. you comin'?
Do you have a phone
I could borrow?
Has anyone in this town
ever heard of a smartphone?
There ain't no use
for fancy around here.
Clearly.
So. tonight's
Pass the Hat night.
which means best performance
gets the pot.
The pot's gonna be 2.000 bucks?
Yeah. no. Far from it.
But it'll be a start.
Wow. This is some
serious karaoke.
Yeah. Uh. two mixed.
I'll have a shot.
A shot?
Two shots.
Yeah! Whoo!
Well. well.
Who do we have here?
-Famous Gail Travers.
Famous. huh?
No. not famous.
Well. I'm Scarlet.
Is it too late to sign up?
I'm sure they could
squeeze you in...
but you gotta give
a little to win a little.
Oh. here. Let me.
Let's see if Little Miss Famous
stands a chance.
All right. give it up for
everyone's favorite. Rachael!
Always a killer.
Thank you.
Oh. what's this?
We have one more performer.
Her name is Gladys Travelers
Looks like we have
a last-minute performer
slidin' in
just in the nick of time.
One Gladys Travelers.
come on down!
That's my cue.
Gladys Travelers. come on!
-It's actually Gail Travers.
-Gail.
-All right. Gail.
What song is it gonna be?
Um...
Anyone wanna throw in
a little extra for a shuffle?
Did... Did she say "shuffle"?
Shuffle? Yeah?
Looks like we got a shuffle.
All right. get
your last-minute money in
and let's spin the dial!
Ooh. this is an oldie
but goodie.
"Wayfaring Stranger."
I actually
know that one really well.
If it's good enough
for Johnny Cash.
it's good enough for me.
Amen.
You mind if I play it myself?
Knock yourself out.
Go. give it up
for Miss Gail!
Get those votes in.
so we can see who's gonna
take home the cash!
Where did that come from?
I just got lucky with the song.
Where did you say
she came from again?
Um. ah. she. uh...
-Her car broke down
just outside of town.
-Oh.
She missed. uh...
She missed Eddie by an inch.
I swear that creature
has nine lives.
How lucky are we?
Where you headed?
Home for Christmas?
Not quite.
The votes are in.
and the winner is...
-newcomer. Gail Travels!
Go. darlin'! Whoo!
Travers.
It's Travers. Thank you.
-Congratulations!
-Thanks.
Ah. here you go.
Gotta be honest with you.
I never thought
I'd see that back.
You know. actually.
take the whole thing.
Put it towards the repairs.
Look at you. winning.
You know what? I'm...
I'm actually gonna get going.
It's been a really long day.
Bye.
She's a little stuck-up.
isn't she?
Where are you going?
She's got nowhere to go.
So?
Hey.
Where ya headed?
Home.
What. to that old bus?
Yes. that old bus.
Well. you know the shop
doors are locked. right?
Oh.
If only I knew someone
with the keys.
Come on. I'll drive you.
Your girlfriend gonna
come after me for this?
Nah. I ain't got a girlfriend.
Come on. It's freezing.
Original song. huh?
About what?
No.
-No. no. no.
Really?
God! What?
You let her sleep in the bus?
Well. you know. she was pretty
insistent about it. Mom.
Here.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Okay.
This has a license plate.
not a street address. okay?
No more sleeping in a vehicle
that is under maintenance.
Insurance won't cover it.
Sorry about that.
Here. Take this.
And you just. I don't know.
add it to your collection.
Thanks.
Sheriff?
Yeah. Sheriff Jeffrey's out of
town for the next two weeks...
a little hunting trip.
so a man's gotta
wear a lot of hats.
Hmm. Oh. you mean jackets?
-Look. I got a plan.
-Well. here's my plan.
Uh. you know what.
you go first.
-Tell me your plan.
-I get a job
while you fix the bus.
When you're done. I'll have
two grand and be on my way.
So. what do you got in a town
like this? Diner?
Post office?
Phone operators?
You know that minimum wage
around here is $7.25 an hour?
That's gonna be
probably around 300 hours
over the next two weeks.
Okay. So.
what's your awesome plan then?
Very festive.
A middle school?
What. am I dealing pot?
What kind of middle school
did you go to?
It smells like sneakers
and fruit snacks.
You better start talking. Oh!
Jeremy.
where have you been?
The twins. they're recruiting
for their new rap song
music video.
Sarah. slow down.
And since when are there
oboe players in a rap song?
-And then...
And then they were--
-Hey.
-Why were they...
No. but they were--
-Hey. hey. hey. Whoa. whoa.
Look at me. Look at me.
My eyes. My eyes. okay?
-Okay? Good.
Do as I do. Follow me.
Better?
Oh!
Are you the new music teacher?
-No.
-Yeah.
What?
I'd like you to meet
our new music teacher. Miss...
I think you are all mistaken.
Pleased to meet you.
I'm Principal Crosby.
Heard of your performance
last night at Gus's Bar.
Seems you're qualified
for the job.
Jeremy here will be
more than willing to step down.
Am I right?
You didn't think I came up with
this out of thin air. did you?
I've been trying to teach these
kids for the last two weeks.
I can't imagine
how that's going.
What happened
to the last teacher?
Teachers.
Everyone in town's tried.
Jeremy was our last resort.
Look. the performance for the
Christmas Gala is in two weeks.
And this is a jacket
that I'd happily hand over.
Does it look like I know
the first thing about
Christmas? Or galas?
Jeremy has informed me
of your situation.
You prep these kids
and I'll cover the bus repairs.
And if the kids win.
perhaps you will leave
Harmony Springs
with three percent
of the cash prize.
You can win a gala?
Each school selects
teams to compete.
There's cash prizes. prestige.
Do we have a deal?
All expenses paid.
that engine purrs
like a kitten.
and I make it to LA on time.
Yes. yes. and yes.
Well. let's meet these kids.
Thank you.
Write your name
on the chalk board.
I'm going to give you apples
every day.
If teachers were apples.
I'd pick you.
Jeremy. A word.
After the gala. we have
to shut the music program down.
What the hell are you
talking about. Stanley?
I'm sorry. son.
We just simply can't
keep the program going.
So. uh. you're just gonna
do this without talkin'
to my family first?
Or me?
I'm sorry.
Chalk board.
My name is Ms. Travers.
and I'm gonna be
helping you get ready
for the Christmas Eve Gala
in two weeks.
So. let's see what
we're workin' with here.
Let's go around the room
and tell me your name...
Name. musical interest. and
favorite Christmas tradition.
I'll start. I'm Sarah Hughes.
I wanna be an opera singer.
I like leaving food out
for Santa's reindeer
on Christmas Eve.
Sarah. Opera. Reindeer. Noted.
You and you.
We're Jeff and Johnny.
I'm Jeff.
I'm Johnny.
We rap. Hoping to one day rock
Harmony Springs with our flow.
Nice.
And we set traps in our chimney
to see if we can catch a Santa.
-Oh.
-We've never caught one.
-Oh. no.
-Dear God.
There's only one Santa
and Santa doesn't actually
rhyme with Montana.
Just to let you know.
Benjamin still wets the bed.
Hey. Okay. okay. no making fun
of one another. okay?
That's rule number one.
We have to support each other.
Your turn.
I'm Benjamin Donovan.
I like to wear matching pj's
with my mom and dad...
while we decorate the Christmas
tree. and I can play the oboe.
Sort of.
Do you all have to play
instruments for this thing?
We don't have to.
Okay. good. 'Cause I'm not
a real music teacher.
Mm. we're not really
music students.
So. what are your
musical skills then?
And your favorite
Christmas tradition.
Well. uh. I don't have
any Christmas traditions.
Why not?
I guess I never stuck around
long enough in one place
to make one.
Why not?
Long story.
How about I show you
my musical skills?
Wow.
If we sing like that.
we'll win.
-See ya.
-Bye.
She's so good.
-I know. right?
-She's great!
Ooh!
Were you hiding back there
the whole time?
Sorry. I'm scared of strangers
and loud noises.
But you have a great voice.
Thank you. What's your name?
Rosemary.
Nice to meet you. Rosemary.
I sing to my animals.
That's my skill.
but my mom thinks
I need to be around
more humans.
Yeah. humans.
Well. I'm very excited
to hear you sing.
Did you sing in all the places?
What?
All the places
you never stuck around
long enough to make traditions.
I did.
Maybe that's your
Christmas tradition.
Singing.
Everyone has one.
even if they don't know it.
One day.
Hey. Mom. Dad.
Hey. buddy. I saw you got
the beams up. Looks great.
-Oh. it's wonderful. Abe.
Yeah. you can really see the
rooms starting to take shape.
So. you know they're shutting
down the music program?
Oh. honey. Yeah. Stanley
warned us it might happen.
I just wanted to wait
until he was sure
before I said anything.
This meant
everything to Parker.
I know. but there were. like.
what. four kids in the class?
-There's five.
-Five.
Five is not enough
to justify the cost.
-I'm sorry.
-I'm sorry. son.
But how did Gail do?
She's got a way of
making things better. I guess.
What's this now?
Jeremy got the girl
with the bus to teach the kids.
-Is that right?
-Mm-hmm.
Gail. huh?
Like the wind.
Gail this. Gail that.
She's been here
all of 12 hours.
Can y'all talk about
anything else?
Hey there. Scarlet.
How's the build comin'?
It's fine.
Uh. we were...
We were just discussing that.
We were talking about
how well it's coming along...
-and what a great view.
-Yeah. Yeah.
That's great. Van.
Blueberry peach.
Just how you guys like it.
Thank you. Scarlet.
Livin' the dream.
Wow.
Thought I'd sneak by and get
away with spending a few more
nights in there.
-Guess not.
-Mm-mm.
What are you doing
with my stuff?
Uh. I just put it in the box.
You can't stay in there
no more. unfortunately.
but my parents. they own
a studio a couple blocks away.
You could stay there.
I mean. there's a bunch
of stuff layin' around.
Haven't had time
to fix it up to rent it out.
but it's got four walls
and a roof.
Ah... You'll be okay. old girl.
She better be in good hands.
She's in great hands.
My bus. I call her Jewel.
She's the only home
I've ever known.
Well. she is a gem.
I'm glad someone
agrees with me.
What happened?
Splinter.
My tip box. it...
-Yeah.
-Tip box?
Someone really special
gave it to me.
I take it to all my gigs.
but it broke in the crash.
Sorry.
Speakin' of sorries.
I owe you one.
I was pretty mean the other day
when you came in there.
Any mention of big cities
makes my skin crawl.
So. sorry.
Apology accepted.
You weren't that bad.
I was pretty bad.
So. let me make it up to ya.
Take you to dinner now.
and go look
at the studio later?
You know a way
to a girl's heart.
I'm starving.
Smells good.
Okay.
Oh!
Of course.
It's you! Well...
Okay. my sons
Johnny and Jeff...
they told me all about
their new music teacher.
They said.
"She's not a real teacher.
but she can sing and play piano
just like Beyonce."
And I said.
"Does Beyonce play piano?"
And they said.
"If she did. she'd play just
like Miss Gail."
And then I said to myself.
"How do I know that name?
Why do I know that name?"
And now I get it.
Let me get you a table.
Bruce! Get the sauce
by the door.
Come on. honey.
This way. we're goin' right
to this table right here.
Hey. Did you hear
she almost hit Eddie?
What? Eddie?
-No!
-Yeah. right here.
You happened to Eddie?
-Guilty. Guilty.
-No. It's okay. darlin'.
Listen. that alpaca
is like half deer. I swear.
Something comes at it.
it just like...
Deer in headlights.
-Whoo!
I'm just messing with you.
darlin'.
Wow.
So. where you headin'
once your bus is done?
-I have a gig in LA.
-Oh!
And if it all goes well.
I'll tour all over the world.
She'd be on her way
to being a big deal.
Well. that's a huge deal.
With who?
They'll pair us
with the right fit. you know.
It's a good thing
I'm used to living on the road.
Well. listen. I am gonna
get you the Lumberjack platter.
You know. just a little bit
of everything.
No. no. no.
Come on now. that feeds six.
You can take some home.
Lumberjack platter?
What is that?
It's just a whole lot of food.
Plus. it'll make a great photo
for your Instagram.
I'm surprised
you even know what that is.
I ain't livin' in a hole here.
I gave it up.
I gave up all my social media.
Color me intrigued.
Sometimes when things aren't
working. you unplug for a bit
-before you plug back in.
-Hmm.
Life's no different.
I haven't been this unplugged
since I was eight.
Well. here we go.
-Oh. boy.
-Two Oklahoma
extra oma palomas.
Now. you tell your friends
in LA about that.
Wow.
To LA.
Oh. so now
you're pro big cities?
Can't make it big
without a big city. right?
Cheers.
Thanks.
So. just so you know.
I wasn't lying.
-It's pretty messy in here.
Now. I know it's not much.
but it's warm.
And bathroom's
back there. so...
If Rachael's barbeque wasn't
so good. I'd be outta here.
Um. I know there's
some fresh sheets
in one of these boxes...
No. no. no. Not this one.
-This one?
-Yeah. I believe so.
I mean.
I know there used to be.
Here you go. Oh.
-Thanks.
-Yeah.
Uh...
Forgot to ask you.
uh. what song
were you teaching the kids?
Uh. never got that far.
This being our last song.
I don't know.
pick something special.
Hmm.
Sounds like you miss it.
Kinda.
Even if the kids are awful.
Hey. They are not awful.
They're just...
unpolished.
Well. uh. the kids...
they're the heart of this town.
And the word is they
really love you.
That reminds me. um.
Stanley called.
so I guess your class
starts at 8:00 a.m.
I thought this was
an after-school thing?
Mm-mm. Christmas break.
Next two weeks.
-So. good luck.
-Hmm...
8:00 a.m.
When am I gonna write my song?
Miss Travers? Ew!
Uh. sorry. I'm just bringin' in
the rest of your stuff.
This. uh...
This good here?
-Great.
-Cool. Um...
Yeah. Good night.
Good night.
Something smells really good.
-Well. good mornin'.
-Good mornin'.
About time y'all woke up.
-What do we have here?
-It smells so good.
I know. I was trying
to be quiet.
-Look at that.
-Wow.
Whoa.
-Thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
Are these your famous
Jeremy flapjacks?
Yes. they are.
-Boy.
-Here you go. Mom.
'Cause you know
first one's always yours.
I have missed this.
Thank you.
Look at him.
-Ooh.
Everything okay?
Uh. I have to write
my very own song.
A song good enough to impress
some of the best music people
out there.
So.
it has to be perfect.
The animals on our farm
are messy.
Pretty imperfect. but I still
think they're beautiful.
Cracks happen in our lives just
to let the light in. You know?
You give the best advice.
What would you say to someone
who has a beautiful voice.
but they're scared
of showing it off?
I'm getting
the first cubbyhole.
The first book... Yeah. I know.
but I just don't like...
It's time to get focused.
Focusing.
Today we're gonna focus
on the instrument
we already have. Our voice.
All right?
Everyone. get up.
Stand up. Get up.
Close your eyes.
Close 'em. Close 'em.
Now. place your hands
over your heart.
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
This is where you sing from.
Not your head or your lungs.
Your heart.
Now. set an intention.
How do you wanna
feel when you sing?
Now. stretch your arms
out in front of you...
and release it out
into the universe.
I feel it.
Someone's intention
smells like a fart.
Release your intentions
through your mouths.
Not our butts?
Come on. Keep your focus!
Thank you. Sarah.
Okay. today we're gonna try
singing a simple A note.
One at a time.
Just like this. okay?
That was great.
All right.
Believe it or not.
an A can sound different
for someone with a lower voice.
Like Benjamin.
Johnny and Jeff. your turn.
Let's hear it.
Okay.
Playing to your strengths.
I love it. Love it.
Rosemary. your turn.
Just an A note.
Easy-peasy.
Mm-hmm. Okay.
I think I can hear it.
You just need to get
a little louder.
That was beautiful.
You just gotta
get it a little louder.
Don't worry. You're not gonna
scare anyone away.
All right. Miss Opera singer.
let's hear it.
Wow. Wow.
Okay. Okay. Shh. shh.
We are gonna work on that.
All right. I have to write
my very own song
for a big show I have coming up
and I'm having a hard time.
What if we all write
a Christmas song together
for the gala?
I could use the practice.
Do we have
enough time for that?
Well. it doesn't have
to be perfect.
-It just has to be ours.
-See ya.
-Bye.
Great job today.
Hey. Sarah.
Everything okay?
I know I can't sing.
I've been trying
and I know I act like I'm good
but it's just pretend
and I'm not good
at anything at all.
Hey.
Sarah. that's not true.
I bet you're good
at a lot of things.
You know what?
I'm gonna be gone for the show.
I'm gonna need someone to be
in charge while I'm away.
I think you would be
really good at that.
At what?
Making things happen.
We need lights.
stage direction.
every detail of the performance
needs to be organized.
That's what
a stage manager does.
Stage manager?
Mm-hmm. The best operas.
they're run by
the best stage managers
in the world.
We're gonna need
someone really good
to be the boss.
-Then call me "boss." boss.
-Give me some.
-Bye.
Oh.
Well. I can see
why he likes you so much.
Who?
Oh. you know exactly who.
What about Scarlet?
Let's just say
it takes two to agree
to be a couple.
not just one.
Girl's been after him
since grade school.
Oh! Oh. how much longer
do we have you?
You know what?
I don't wanna know.
You want some cake?
Bruce! Get the cake!
Come in.
-Hey.
-Hi.
I. uh...
You never came in
to check on Jewel today.
so I just wanted to make sure
everything was okay.
Mm-hmm. I'm working on
some lyrics.
I have two songs to write now.
Oh. you're...
You're doin' an original song.
Mm-hmm.
The. um. last teacher
we had do that...
uh. kids really loved it. so...
Um...
Got you something.
Ooh.
An empty box.
It's a send-back box.
You put your broken
phone inside
and they you send it out
and they mail you
a brand-new one.
Actually. you know what?
I can mail it out for you
tonight if you want.
You got the phone?
You know. I don't even know
where my phone is right now.
if you can believe that.
Oh. here it is.
Perfect.
I'll let you get back to it.
Yeah. Um...
You know. actually
if you get a break
or something.
you know.
later on if you're hungry.
I know a great place
for dinner.
Yes. Yes. I could eat that
barbeque sandwich every meal.
No. I was actually thinking
of something a little more
close to home.
Hmm.
Okay.
Cool.
I'll. uh. see you later.
See you later.
This was so good.
Girl could stick around
for this kinda cooking.
So. you live here?
For now. It's just easier
while I build it
for my parents.
This could be
the sweetest thing
you could do for someone.
These walls you've created
will hold your family's
most precious moments.
Never really thought
about it like that.
You should tell me
about your family.
I. uh...
I never knew my parents.
I never had a house.
I was a foster kid.
I grew up in the system
from the day I was born.
Run of bad luck got me
bounced around several times
until I hit 18.
I had my guitar. my music...
that was my home.
Sorry.
It wasn't all that bad.
I had this one foster dad
who taught me
how to ground myself
before I sing. you know.
Use the nervous butterflies
to find my voice.
Did he create the tip box?
-Yes. he did.
-Figured.
Where is he?
He moved to Canada...
without me. um.
for a business opportunity.
Foster kids
can't leave the country.
and we lost touch.
That's the system for you.
But what about you?
Childhood out here
must've been pretty great.
Yeah.
I mean. look.
Yeah. we had the biggest house
up on a hill. you know.
Nothing but green for miles.
It was great.
But we couldn't stay.
Not after my brother died.
But this. it's the least I can
do for taking him away.
Taking him away?
He was the star
of the music program.
Yeah. I mean.
he actually started it.
His voice was so good. Gail.
Like yours.
You know. which is why
I pushed him so hard.
I had this plan.
You know. go out to LA
so he can chase his dream.
I mean. I just got
so caught up in it all.
Became so self-centered.
And what happened?
We were at a party...
and it was getting late.
He had a gig
the next day. early.
and he was exhausted.
so I just threw him the keys.
And. uh. he...
probably fell asleep
at the wheel.
Hit a curb. lost control.
and that was it.
Last time I saw my brother.
I'm so sorry. Jeremy.
So. you went home.
and put on all your jackets?
What I'm doing is trying
to fill the hole
that he left behind.
Parker was everything
to Harmony Springs.
Well. you can't blame yourself.
The reason why I stayed
is because Coldplay
was gonna be there.
And I just wanted
to take a picture with them
to impress some girl
that I didn't even know.
Because of it.
we never got to see my brother
again over some stupid post.
Yeah. now. um...
Now. I get
the whole smartphone thing.
Hmmm.
I know what
you must think of me.
Desperate to update my story
for a whole bunch of people
I've never even met.
No.
I mean. it's a priority
for your career. I get it.
Hmm.
I'll tell you what. though.
I like the unplugged Gail
a whole lot better.
I do. too.
-Did he kiss her yet?
-I don't know.
Are they 12 years old?
This is too much.
Oh. man.
-Wanna look at the stars?
-Yeah.
-You leave so soon.
How'd Rachael take it?
Not so good.
She's a crier.
So. with this singing gig
you have.
what happens after the show?
Well. she's actually
gonna hit the road.
She's gonna go on tour now.
And yeah. She'll be on her way
to becoming a huge star.
Making some albums
and all that jazz.
-Wow.
-Hmm.
Yeah.
I spent my whole life
on the road. so...
kinda used to it.
So. who's gonna finish
getting the kids ready?
He's sitting right next to me.
-Oh.
-Okay.
-Our son?
Uh-uh. I do not think so.
That boy cannot sing a lick.
Don't worry. They're ready.
You have to get them
on the stage. okay?
Yeah. Gotcha.
He'll do it.
I'm gonna miss you all so much.
I should get going. I have
a few more things to pack.
finish the song.
I'll see you later. yeah?
-Yeah. see you later.
-Okay.
Here. no. I got it.
I'll get this.
-First time in his life.
-Go.
Go on now. Git!
-Thank you for dinner.
It was delicious.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
-So glad you could come.
Yeah.
This is Christmas.
-Come in.
I'm sorry.
Am I interrupting something?
I just wanted to make sure
I bid my farewell.
What are you doing for Jer?
What?
You're not giving him
a thank you of any kind?
He's the gesture type.
I've been so busy.
I didn't even think about that.
Mm-hmm.
You live in your van. right?
So you're good
with small spaces.
Why don't I help you
set some of this stuff up?
Oh. my gosh.
Look.
I remember this being
right about here.
You sure he won't mind?
Girl. he's been dying
to tidy up this space.
Trust me.
He did say they
haven't had time--
Exactly!
It'll take less than
an hour. Come on.
Oh. I just love this.
Perfect.
I love these movies.
Don't you love these movies?
Love you. Mom.
I love you.
Door's open.
Hi.
Thank you.
What... What did you do?
You said you hadn't
had time to fix it up
so I put it all together.
Why? Why...
Why would you do this?
-I wanted to thank you.
-No.
Make it look nice. I--
-Jeremy!
Van.
-Is Jeremy here?
-Come on.
-Come on in.
-I really messed up here.
All right. breathe.
Breathe. okay?
Sit down. Sit down.
Breathe. Breathe.
breathe. Okay.
-Talk to me.
-Scarlet said it
would be a good idea.
Scarlet?
I bet you're giving
that girl a run for her money.
She's been after Jeremy
since the day that she decided
boys did not have cooties.
What happened?
We decided to fix up the studio
with a bunch of boxed up stuff.
You know. I thought
it would be a nice thing to do
before I left.
Parker's studio?
I could never get him
out of that place.
He was always
writing somethin'.
That explains why I've had such
good luck with my songwriting.
I've never felt so inspired.
Maybe it's not just the studio.
It must've been such a shock.
You know. seeing the studio
the same way it was
when Parker was alive.
I should've known.
There was all this music stuff
everywhere. I should've known.
Honey. honey.
your intentions were good.
Abe and I were...
We were lucky
we had each other
when it happened.
Jeremy...
he just isolated.
He just threw himself
into his work. you know.
and he didn't give himself
time to process it and...
They say that there's nothing
worse than losing a child.
and I lost two that day.
-Two.
-I'm sorry. Van.
I'm so sorry.
He's come up for air
for the first time in years.
He's cooking again.
and he's playing music
when he works.
And there's a light
right back in his eyes.
And the only thing
that has changed...
is you being here.
Okay? It's gonna be okay.
I made you some tea.
Come on. it's late.
Take a break.
We all miss him. you know.
Jeremy.
Jeremy?
Look at me.
Son...
you have been drowning
for so long
that you don't even feel it
when you pull the people
that are the closest to you
into the undertow.
We all loved him.
So much.
But he would not want
to see you behaving this way.
I shouldn't have
snapped at her.
It happens.
The question is.
what are you gonna do now?
Hey. guys. It's Gail.
I'm still in Oklahoma.
I've been. uh...
I...
I have nothing to say
to a faceless piece of glass.
I know. I know. I'm late.
iHeart Radio. they sent an--
Sent an email.
As stage manager.
I hereby declare
the first quarter of this class
dedicated to Jeremy Crawford
and his heart-felt
sincerest apology.
Hit it. Jeff.
I'm sorry.
Do you forgive him?
Say yes.
We wanted to give you
something special.
To remember us by.
Hope it fits.
What is this?
I sewed the snowman on myself.
Your Christmas tradition.
It's the same one.
Thank you.
Aw. Thank you. guys.
Guys. this is amazing.
Thank you.
My tip box.
It may help.
I'm sorry for how I reacted.
Look at these.
-Scarlet said that--
-You know what? Doesn't matter.
You were right. I was wrong.
Well. a girl loves
to hear that.
Ooh!
All right.
Hey. This county doesn't know
what's coming for them.
Okay?
Whatever happens at the gala...
just know you already won
in my eyes.
Here.
-Don't peek.
-Doing.
Go ahead.
Wow.
She's beautiful.
Yeah. Yes. she is.
Here.
Got something for ya.
What job's this one from?
Oh. no. This one's
actually mine.
I was thinking you could hold
onto it for me for a while...
and take it with you
on your travels.
Uh. you said something in class
earlier about iHeart.
Yes. They need a good recording
of my song. but I. uh...
I don't have anyone
to help me record it.
-Mm.
Wow.
Gail. that was. uh...
That was beautiful.
It was really amazing.
Thank you.
Well.
it sent. so...
Thank you.
I think it's time we take off
some jackets.
Hey.
Good mornin'.
We need to talk.
I'm sorry. I should've been
honest with you sooner.
You should've.
Look. I'm sorry I pushed you
so much. Jeremy. I just...
I really thought
we'd end up together.
Scarlet...
we just weren't
right for each other.
I'm sorry.
You got a huge place
in my heart.
Always.
Bye. Jer.
Hey.
Was this all some game to you?
What?
Am I some fling?
To make Scarlet jealous?
Some toy in your complicated
relationship? I mean. we just--
Why did I trust you?
It's not what you think.
I know what I saw.
Does it matter?
I mean...
you were always
on borrowed time here. Gail.
What is that supposed to mean?
The world needs to hear
that voice of yours.
You can't do that from here.
What you did last night...
you don't belong here.
There's nothin' for you here.
I don't want you here. Gail.
-So. that's it then?
This is how we say goodbye?
Lila. I'm so sorry.
My phone got destroyed.
Um. I crashed Jewel.
I'm on my way to LA.
and. boy. do I have
a story for you.
I go live Christmas Eve.
Bye. Talk to you later.
Is she gone?
I had to let her go.
Couldn't have been
the reason she stayed.
You should've heard her sing.
Oh. honey.
I'm sorry.
Gail Travers has landed.
Miss Travers has landed.
-Hey. you Miss Travers?
-Hi.
Great.
Follow me.
What's your 20?
Stepping in.
Thank you.
Well. you know.
I never thought I'd be sitting
here in this chair
ready for the new Sia album
-and a mystery Christmas
album at that.
-I know. right?
But we like to keep things
interesting around here.
We sure do.
And you know what.
we're gonna take a quick
commercial break
and when we come back.
we're gonna talk about
our big Christmas Eve Special
and our five lucky
opening guests.
Cut. That's a cut.
Let me see that video again.
Yeah. It's so good.
So good.
Can't wait to meet her.
Have all five landed yet?
Gail. Gail Travers.
-Hi.
-Hi. I'm Miles.
-With EP Records.
-Nice to meet you.
Once iHeart
puts you on the map.
we. the record label.
will take care
of everything else.
And I sense a real
fast track to success.
I'm serious. It's in the eyes.
I can always tell.
Contract needs to be
in my inbox before EOD. okay?
And once you sign.
you're mine.
Totally kidding.
We're gonna have some fun.
PA Nation.
last of the opening acts
is ready for hair
and makeup tests.
Crazy day. right?
Big question.
Do you want this?
It's all I've ever wanted.
Oh. that's a star.
Ready to meet the other
contestants?
Gail. You. period.
Look. period.
Iconic. period.
Amazing.
How do you feel?
-What?
-Mm.
Where are the other guys? Guys?
-Hey!
-Oh. my God.
We are the five best voices
in all of America.
#winners!
Okay. Guys.
let's take a selfie.
Yes. Selfie time.
Gail. smile. With your teeth.
Okay. no. okay. Yes.
-Did you get it?
-I got it.
Hold this. It's life-changing.
iHeart winning contestants.
in your face.
Let's get out of here.
Craft services. Pomegranates.
Cake pops. You heard me.
Let's go.
-Gail?
-Yes.
Walker. We spoke on the phone.
The producers have attempted
a mix of your tape.
A mix? It's an acoustic song.
Uh. Miles said
you won't need your guitar.
We got a fresh one.
Sis and Amy have clearance
questions on the intro segment.
-Can you handle that?
-Already done.
So. iHeart loves you.
The label just
has some thoughts.
Main thing. your song's
now called #thisis.
One word. Very mysterious.
True crime is so hot right now.
"This is what?"
"Find out. click here."
Bait. bait. bait.
Gen Z is gonna love it.
Can you hold on one second?
Cody. I told you to never...
Yeah. that was good.
Can I get a little more
in monitor one?
Thank you.
Great job.
-Break a leg.
-Thanks.
-Gail Travers?
-Yes.
-Hi. I'm Sisanie.
-Hi.
So nice to meet you.
We're so excited
that you're here.
We all watched your tape.
Your song "This is Christmas."
loved it.
Thank you.
Obsessed. And with
this outfit. wow. I'm Amy.
-Hi.
-Yeah. and we're just
so excited
to hear you perform live.
-Yeah.
-Yeah. Congratulations.
-Thank you.
-Good luck.
-Bye.
-Added. Perfect.
-Excuse me.
-Hmm?
-So. what's happening now?
Uh. blocking. walk for tech.
We'll make it perfect later.
-Label had
a little switcheroo.
-Mm.
Kira.
-Dunno. It came to me.
-Huh?
-Kirsty. Kirsty Cassidy.
-Love it. Ah!
But my name is Gail.
Huh.
Gail.
-Gail.
Just kinda feels
weird in the mouth. right?
-Thick.
Can you hold on one sec?
-Can we get a jacket
or something?
-Can we get a jacket?
-The look. it's...
It's just not clicking for me.
-Flying in a jacket.
Fast. fast. fast.
Okay.
One option. Tiffany?
Ooh.
-No. this is actually
really cute.
-That's...
I'm sorry.
My blood sugar's low.
-I don't know.
I'm all over the place.
-That's Sarah. by the way.
-Then who's Tiffany?
-You fired her.
That does track.
-Oh. you can go up now.
-Mm.
Lose the bag.
-Really?
-Just watch this.
Okay.
I feel like... I feel like
something's a little off.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I just need a moment.
-Sorry. sorry.
-Okay. What. what's goin' on?
-Excuse me.
What are we doin' here?
I just need a minute.
I need... I need a minute.
-Kirsty? Kirs...
-My name is Gail!
-Oh.
-It's Gail.
-Gail.
-I need to... I need to go
to the bathroom.
-Okay.
-All right. great.
Just get back soon.
Okay. Okay.
Keep it quick.
There.
-We won't need it.
-We could make us...
That's true.
-We won't need it.
-Well. maybe. we won't.
Hello?
Don't. who is it?
Don't tell me you have to
-go to the shop.
-Oh. hey. honey.
It's Gail.
Hey. hey. hey. honey.
Are you okay?
Is everything all right?
How many times
have you asked me that now?
Hurry up.
I sure wish
I could see your face.
You're gonna need
a new phone for that.
What's goin' on?
I didn't know who else to call.
I don't know what to do.
Everything...
Everything here
is just so different.
What do you mean?
There's just so many people.
So many people.
They're just trying
to plan my style.
my identity. my future...
There's just so many voices
that I feel like
I'm losing mine.
Oh.
Okay.
When you started singing.
what did you want
out of all of it?
What do you mean?
I want to sing
because I love it.
But why this way?
Fans.
Because?
Well. they're the only ones
who ever stuck around for me.
Oh.
That's not what fans are for.
that's what family's for.
Now I know that
you didn't have one
for a very long time...
but now. you have us.
And sweetheart. no matter
how far. no matter how long
you're gone.
you can always
come back here. Gail.
Harmony Springs
is here for you.
And listen. if those fans
don't love you
for who you truly are...
I don't think you
really want this.
Maybe you're right.
I'm probably overstepping here.
but. um. Jeremy told me
what happened.
And I just... I just
need you to know that
it wasn't what you thought.
Jeremy told Scarlet
how he really felt...
about you.
He just didn't wanna be
the reason that
you second-guess
this opportunity.
Okay. Well. we love you.
I love you. too.
All of you in Harmony Springs.
-Oh. Van?
-Yeah?
Could you remind the kids
to sing from the heart
tonight at the gala?
The county is not
gonna know what hit 'em.
I just wish that
I could be there to see it.
Thank you.
Bye.
-She's right. you know.
Your mom.
Oh. she's not...
She's not my...
Anyway. um. I'm sorry that
you had to hear all that.
You don't have to explain.
I've been exactly
where you are.
But. Gail. you're good.
I mean. really good.
With or without
that record label.
Thank you.
And do you know how many times
people have tried to get me
to be cuter. girlier.
more country. less country.
I mean...
I can't keep up.
But I learned to hold on
to my favorite version
of myself.
So you've got to hang on tight
to what makes you you.
You have to remember
that's what got you here.
And I promise if you do that.
Gail. the sky's the limit.
Thank you. Amy.
My travel agent's info.
it's in your inbox.
So. I want you to know.
if you need
to get to that gala.
you got a plane ticket.
you got a car service.
Seriously. whatever you need
you decide.
-But what about my bus?
-It's handled.
Done.
Good luck. Gail Travers.
-Thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
Us girls gotta stick together.
Yeah.
'Kay. bye.
Sisanie. I think
I have an idea.
Oh. yeah?
Hello?
Ma'am. this is Amy Brown
from iHeart Radio.
I'm thinking maybe
you can help me with somethin'.
Deep breath.
Release your intentions.
I'm sure those are really
great intentions. guys.
-You made it!
-Yes!
How in the world
could I miss it?
You guys look great!
Wow.
Okay. people. Look alive.
We're on in three minutes.
Okay. let's all head toward
backstage. okay? Come on.
-Come on.
-Okay. Come on. people.
-I'll be there in a minute.
-Come on. Let's go. let's go...
Okay.
Hey. what's goin' on. Rosemary?
It's just. there's...
There's a lot of people
out there.
Our class was small and...
I can't sing in front of that
many humans.
Hey. Hey...
You taught me
that being perfect
isn't better.
Whatever happens out there.
it's you.
And I haven't met
one single human
who hasn't loved you.
Show 'em you. okay?
You got this.
You know...
the whole "If you love her.
let her go" thing...
doesn't work every time.
Sorry. That whole. uh...
That whole Scarlet thing...
I know.
You... You know
I took Parker from his dream.
Couldn't do that with you.
He made a choice
and now I'm making one.
I always hoped that somehow
my singing would bring me
to a home of my own.
I've never felt more loved
or seen than I do right here.
I always thought that
I couldn't write songs
because I wasn't good...
but now I realize that
I just needed something...
someone to write songs about.
-What's your plan?
-Here's my plan.
I stick around
and keep teaching
the music program.
if you'll have me.
Uh. I can't do that.
We just gave the job away.
Oh. man.
-I'm kidding.
You might just
save the program.
Speaking of which. we...
We'd better go.
Come on.
we got a show to watch.
-Let's go. Let's go.
-Let's go.
Wow. Yay!
Come on. come on.
Can we get another round
of applause
for the Canton County
Bear Cubs?
And up next. we have our final
performance of the night.
your host city. the town
of Harmony Springs.
Light cue one.
Harmony Springs! Whoo!
Oh. my God.
Come on. Come on.
let's give it up
for the Harmony Springs
Middle School.
All right!
What's happening?
The winner of the One Hundredth
Annual Henderson County
Christmas Gala is...
Harmony Springs!
-Okay. Here you go.
-Okay. Yeah.
Okay. all right.
Now I need to do something.
call the iHeart Live
Streaming on Facetime.
-I. I got this. Okay?
-I...
-Do you have the number
we're supposed to call?
-Oh. yes.
-Thank you.
-All right. All right.
Okay. Now all you have to do is
point the camera end...
it's right there...
-straight towards Miss Travers.
-Okay.
-Great. Okay.
-Okay?
-I think I got it.
-Let's try horizon...
That way. There we go.
-Maybe you wanna get...
-That's means to the side.
Okay.
a better angle from downstairs?
Oh. good idea.
-Okay.
-All right.
Yes.
Okay.
-Is this thing on?
-Okay.
We want to invite
our music teacher
to the mic please.
-What?
-Miss Travers?
To thank you
for believing in us...
-Aw.
-and teaching us to sing
from the heart...
-We wanted to do
something for you.
-What are you doing?
Please sing for us!
What?
This is crazy!
Aw. Thank you.
Wow.
Wow. wow. wow.
I am so proud of all
of our amazing kids.
Thank you all so much.
You really want me to sing?
I was gonna sing this song...
on national television...
but singing it right here.
right now...
feels even more special to me.
Thank you. Harmony Springs...
for teaching me
what it means to have a home.
This is. this is my...
Our original song...
"This is Christmas."
And now. our final special
performer. Gail Travers.
Performing her original song...
This is Christmas from
Harmony Springs. Oklahoma.
Yeah. Gail!
Oh. my gosh!
Congratulations. Gail.
Thank you.
Yes!
-Did you get it? Yes!
-Yeah. Yeah.
-One point nine million people
just watched you.
-No... What?
How did you do that?
Sisanie and Amy
from iHeart set it all up.
-What?
-Merry...
-Merry Christmas. girl!
-Yes!
Okay. hey! Hey. Harmony Springs
on three. yeah?
-One. two. three...
-Two. three...
Harmony Springs!
Let's go!
If teachers were apples.
we would pick you.
Every time.
Who's ready to rock?
Yes!